the way
at all times
the group studies the sky
first to decipher the signs of their fate then to try to
scientifically understand that celestial phenomena
because the means of knowledge revealed not enough
henri of initiative proposed a few times with an astonishing intuition of
explanations it remains today
a large number of Belgians are registered comments received
that in a book published a few years ago and titled aliens
paul mistral who under the name of paul thomas
to offer some of these stories that would not be without analogy with the
subject that is sure is that tonight
in marseille in 1871 we had not stopped
undoubtedly question of the city
in turkey in April is only a few years before we had
also reviewed a huge gear of the same color
among the witnesses were not national
and by the way in uncle continue indefinitely this way and we had
quite quickly to the rebirth
open to everyone
to the dump truck psychologist who wrote a book on this subject
we have the detailed narrative and a flying saucer appearance above
of Basel city
in 1566
August 7 of that year
at sunrise time
in quotation marks we saw in the air of many big black balls that
was running at high speed
and very quickly to the sun
then who makes a U-turn without much shocking each other as if
she is not a fight
a lot of them
red wine and guess and eventually she consumes mother and daughters
in the Nuremberg Gazette of 15 years 61 to glimpse the similar v6
the apparition was seen by many men and women she was made
of red color balls with no glory month
and circular discs in large numbers near the sun
a lot of isolated aspects and between these balls long the number of three colors
sounds
from the sun and the sky it fell on the earth as if everything was burning and with a
great fear all his counselors are found in the Bible number of
description useless also it is necessary to think rightly or wrongly
one kilometer from the place of all this
many examples of paris on the theme of winter schaefer
and discuss
pick them up easily in the Bible the police
let's take his interpretation of the 18th vision
and street journal
find the echoes
I watched
and it is before a storm blowing from the north
a big cloud appeared in the sky
surrounded by 8%
a kind of this tournament is in trial in which to distinguish the
tablets
and I was still watching
place it with the land 'index foot
and in view of what was going on living beings
and there were four living beings the 90
the four wheels with the same constitution the same form
the structure was as if a road was made in the middle of another at
group
I continue to watch and their circumference can talk about
Britain
and she seemed covered with a different twist
and when living things advanced
the tracks before 7 with them and when he got off the ground the tesselles go
do it with them
the heavenly move on the minds of those who directed them as if this
mind he was still
a little further
them and she describes the four living things
who are the passengers of these disks
and that again it is quite surprising
to find that it is this description
start reminder
the bas-reliefs
from the Babylonian era who represents geniuses
at the foot of veal
and r with a stone on the head spine several attributes
weird
and on the other hand he also recalls that certain descriptions
little beings of the little ones so know that some men some people
Nowadays
we had too much room next to what valence
here is the text the four living with four facades
the first with a terraube face
the second is easy even the third face of iran the fourth phase
terminal these people in the summers right
if sexuality look like absent subscribers
from the hands of the mayor appear this 16th
this summer on their head
you look like again to slash crystal
when filing his heads
it's the same
in the second he has at this stage we think here
imagine for a moment
the stupor of our ancestors
if he had come face to face with this American space capsule
and the description he could have given in the language of their time
sailing
the law
for